the big news this week corporate in
corporate China right you remember
Starbucks and the issues they're having
there with their foreign units in fact
when you look at the opposite of some of
the success stories Lululemon when you
look at their specific China unit and
the amount of growth they've seen
throughout the years expected into the
next few years so from about early 2022
$400 million into the expected close to
2 billion of the China business that's
about a 5x growth uh just over five
years right let's See, of course, if
analysts be are prove it to be correct.
Now, as a percentage of the company's
global revenues where the US is still
the biggest market and then you have
China and then you have Europe and
everything else, you can see China's
gone from about mid-s single digits in
2022 and expected to go into the mid-
teens in about two years from now. So,
that growth as a percentage of the pie
in an absolute basis is really working
out when you look at what Lululemon's
doing here in mainland China
specifically. It's quite remarkable,
right? A time when the, you know,
consumption has been soft that they've
been really been able to stand out as a
foreign brand in the mainland as well.
Not many have been able to do that. As
for the stock though, you know, what are
the preferences from investors? Well,
you take a look at something like
Lululemon and Ammer for example, and
it's like almost a tale of two
sportsware companies, right? Because
some of these sort of global premium
performance, it seems like the likes of
Ammer, the technical sportware makers
are still outperform the likes of
Lululemon. It's going to be a key
question, right? Can can Lululemon
replicate what they're doing in in the
China and maybe can maybe replicate that
in the in the West because clearly we're
seeing sales uh in in other parts are
not as as robust. So certainly that's
going to be one thing. Let's get to the
China International Expo that continues
today in Shanghai. And of course, chief,
our chief Asia corresponding, he's at
the event and we're talking leggings.
We're talking Lululemon today, Steve.
>> Yeah, that's right. And I'm getting a
bit of a hard cell to switch over from
Hugo Boss to Lululemon athleisure wear
for on air. But I digress. Let's bring
in the guest, China MD for Lululemon.
Syan, thanks so much for having us here.
>> Thanks for having me. So, we just went
through a bunch of numbers how we're
seeing how the China market obviously
last year and into this year took the
advantage of the big boom in athleisure
wear and sporting wear and outdoor
activities. Uh, we have seen that market
tail off a bit. How are you being
impacted by that?
>> Um, we have only been in Lululemon,
China for only 12 years. So we feel like
this is only the beginning of our
journey and we have been not growing in
China but growing together with China in
order to expand this healthy China 2030
uh movement that the government is
pushing. So we do see our positioning as
a well-being advocacy with our products
with our community to drive movement to
find joy in movement and not necessarily
a certain sports and activities.
But how are you seeing the drive to
boost consumption? Is that starting to
pay off? Obviously, people are a little
bit hesitant to spend a lot right now.
Households are holding on, but $150
leggings, uh, yoga pants, $600 jackets.
Are you finding a sweet spot that still
commands because there's also the lower
cost or lower price dupes, the
alternatives?
>> So, I feel like Chinese guests are very
sophisticated. Our product we believe in
the science of heal. We have a lot of
technology and innovation in our
material that once you put on our
product you know the sensation is
different. The durability and
versatility of Lululemon product makes
it a good investment a lot of Chinese
guest that wants to buy. Obviously
there's competition that's option but it
actually gives us a sweet spot where I
think is value for money that the
Chinese guests love.
>> What kind of pricing power do you have
right now? because China you've been
kind of a margin king compared to in the
United States. So actually you've had
better pricing power here than in your
biggest market in the United States.
>> So definitely I think in terms of
pricing is an acceptable level. I think
the guest enjoys it. On top of it is the
community that we bring together. The
awareness of well-being that we're
trying to advocate is something that
resonate really really strongly with our
Chinese guest. What would you like to
see from authorities as far as kind of
unlocking the consumer? Uh they Lie
Chang was here at the CIE the premiere
yesterday and he was saying we need to
unlock the consumer consumption given
the trade war. Consumption is going to
be key and boosting that contribution to
GDP.
>> Definitely I think we see oursel as a
player together with the Chinese
government about bringing well-being and
wellness to China. So as the government
support us in building more stadium
promoting activity, we also play a part
in bringing community together making
them accessible to workouts to yoga
classes. They're free. All our stores,
our 165 store across the country are
actually our community heart that pro to
provide access to classes for free.
>> So 165 stores now
>> 45 cities.
>> So what is the projection over the next
couple of years? Do you see room to grow
even further in where and how many
stores are we talking?
>> Yeah, we see still we still see runway
and opportunity not only in our 165
store. We also have a strong online
business that ables to and us to
actually know where our guests actually
live. In that sense, we still see a run
of growth in tier 2, tier three cities.
>> Okay. Uh singles day is coming up. You
usually get a boost right on November
11th.
>> Yeah, it started. It's already started
the pre- singles day, right? So, are you
going to be able to keep that kind of
momentum through the rest of this year
and into 2026 given the overall slowdown
in this segment?
>> Definitely. I think Singer's Day's
performance so far has been very very
strong in the
>> very very strong
>> is is we definitely see very good growth
but I know singers day had another few
more weeks to go but so far the result
has been very very encouraging. At the
same time is like how do you
differentiate in terms of platform? How
do you actually balance your OMI
services and how do store and and online
not cannibalize one another? It's things
that we're working on through services
to product differentiation. So, it's
been very very positive for us.
>> Now, some of those numbers that Ivon and
David brought up, we're looking at those
charts. Last year, we were seeing China
contributed about 10% of global revenue.
Uh projections 2027 about 16.8. Is that
in line with your internal numbers? Uh
17% of global market. So how important
then when you go back to the North
American market and see weakness in the
United States or at least slowing pace
of growth, how important then would
China be to the overall global ambitions
of this company?
>> China is Lululemon's second largest
market. So our growth and our focus on
the growth of how we build the internal
collective as well as local talent
enable us to actually understand this
market feed back to global and grow in
China. What has the overall trade chaos
in the world done to your strategy and
how you're thinking about growing this
market and the bifurcation of supply
chains as well as shopping trends?
>> So I'm only uh responsible for China in
that sense. I I don't see immediate
chaos for for
>> how is it affected your procurement? I
think China is one of the biggest
sources of fabrics for you. uh how has
that changed and has it changed now that
we've had a bit of a truce and a
relaxation in some sectors uh for
tariffs? So as today I don't see any
impact to the China business per se
>> no impact at all the
>> not with China my business in China
>> on procurement
>> do you see yourself maybe buying more
from China
>> um we we have a shared like resources in
terms of procurement and allocation as
of today I think we're we we we are
strong in where we are today
>> yeah okay um going forward though where
would you take this model Next, the
China market has been very successful. I
know you only look at this market, but
is this a market that is, you know, you
can replicate elsewhere in elsewhere in
Asia as a model that you can take back
to Vancouver and say this is working?
>> We definitely share a lot of all our
successes with the rest of the region to
see that is actually resonate with them
in a sense like in terms of our store
design, how we actually do an event like
our Chinese New Year campaign. So I
don't see as China for China only but at
the same time I always look at it is not
a China strategy it's a Chinese strategy
at the end of the day the Chinese around
the world and how do we share this and
how do we syndicate what we have done
well to the rest of the world
>> so we earlier we talked about that boom
time through last year in athleisure and
experience uh spending right so how do
you see the segments changing what are
Chinese buying now how has that changed
what your product mix
>> so definitely Definely there's a lot of
competition at play but I feel like
competition doesn't have to be a threat.
It's actually a catalyst for innovation
and excellence. I think for our product
we call it high performance high style.
It's technical material but it's
versatility that enables you to wear to
the office to wear for casual to wear
for a sweat. So in that sense I think
our success in in material innovation
has actually helped us to scale into
other occasions that the guest could
wear. What does 2026 look like then for
you as compared to this year?
>> 2026 but it is we're still very positive
of our outlook for China.
>> Yeah. And the dupes you have to talk
about them because they are uh they've
hit all the other major competitors of
you as well getting lower price
alternatives to the premium brands such
as yourself. How do you how does your
strategy change to counter that when a
lot of those dupes are showing up online
at Singles Day and beyond?
>> There's definitely dupes for everywhere
and anywhere, but if you were to try a
Lululemon leggings, you will know the
difference. Um, you know, our material
technology is based on science of feel.
They may look the same, but when you put
it on, you absolutely could tell the
difference between a Duke and a
Lululemon legging. So, in that sense, I
think at the end of the day, the guests
will realize that it's actually what
they pay for in terms of quality and
performance.
>> It's going to take a lot of convincing
to get me into leggings. But, uh, thanks
so much, Syang, and thanks so much for
joining us here on Bloomberg television.
Okay guys, going to send it back to you
from the China International Import Expo
or CIE where we're here at the Lululemon
Boom.